What are you?
It doesn't matter who we are.
You think you can survive us?
What are you doing?
You'll feel on sale just some money.
I'm gonna use this to pay us back.
What does he owe you?
I can pay.
I can just tell me how much and I will help.
Must have kind of fooled you.
Why not I equal the police?
What do you want?
No one I want.
Don't touch me.
George, I think we can set up that transfer now.
Emma!
She's heart.
Who did that?
Daniel?
They said you owe them money.
No, no.
No way.
Maybe it was Ethan.
Can you find out?
Come on.
Why don't you go take care of Robin?
Then get back to me.
You can live here for No One.
How do you feel?
I'm a little spooked.
But I'll be okay.
I'm sorry they hurt you.
Your father hired me to protect you.
The people from the funeral parlor are here to see you.
Okay, wonderful. Um, lead them to the living room, please.
Okay.
Oh, and you grabbed Daniel and Evelyn.
And lay out my suit.
Sure.
Excuse me for disturbing you, Miss Vanderbilt,
but I need to speak to you about your father's funeral.
Please check to see what we have planned so far.
And I am very sorry for your loss, Miss Vanderbilt.
That's okay.
But my father's funeral can wait.
I'd like to order an autopsy.
Miss Vanderbilt, permission from the relating authorities is required if you want an autopsy done in your father's body.
That's okay. Well, you help me with my application process.
Sure.
I'll be in touch if anything comes up.
Excuse me.
Emma, why didn't you tell me you wanted to do that?
You know that I never believed my father had a heart attack.
You should have come to me first.
Rodney was my husband, after all.
And you were married six months.
If you love him, at all like I do, you'll understand why I have to do this.
Actually does this autopsy.
And I'll let her do it.
Okay, some help.
Miss Vanderbilt, you want to get out of class with one?
Sure.
Yeah?
Miss Vanderbilt.
Slow down.
Liam, do you think there's anybody around me I can trust?
What makes you say that?
After my dad died, uncle Ethan kidnapped me for my shares.
And Evelyn.
You know she married dad six months ago, but her attitude about his death has just been really hard to put into words.
What about Daniel?
Well, it seems like you can't trust anybody in your life, but what about him?
Daniel cares about me. He won't do anything to her.
Miss Vanderbilt, have you ever questioned Daniel?
Or are you just avoiding that thought?
Daniel saved my life. I want to be here without him.
Are you so sure that he's the one who saved you?
I saw it to save me. He got a long cut on his chest.
And when I met Daniel, I saw that scar and I knew he was the man.
Quite.
What are you doing?
Have you ever thought that maybe I could have been a man who saved you that night?
How did you get that scar?
It's not very unusual for bodyguards to get scars.
Isn't it? You need to be more cautious about the people you keep around you, Miss Vanderbilt.
Rodney has another property.
Perhaps the documents have been transferred there.
Also, the acquisition of the clear group was fully orchestrated by Ethan.
Thanks, Gee. How'd you go?
Dennis, there's somebody in your room.
No! Why would you ask that?
Maybe I just misheard him. Come, take a seat.
The funeral director called. The autopsy's been approved.
I wanted you to be the first to know, and hopefully you can respect my decision.
I understand. Rodney was in fact murdered. We must find the killer.
Thank you, Evelyn.
Also, do you have the memory card with the surveillance footage on it? I'd like that back.
Why? We already went through it, didn't we?
Well, it contains my father's last moments. You know, I'd really like to have it.
I'm sorry. I thought it was all settled, so I threw it out.
You what? I'm really sorry. It's okay.
Let me walk you out.
Just one second.
Hey, do you remember that thing I asked you to do?
Do it. But make it perfectly safe. All right? Thanks.
What about the autopsy?
Just let her do it. She won't find anything.
She was lying. I was definitely somebody in the room.
A.P.I.
It's violent.
What is this?
It's commoners' food. You can even stay safe while you're eating, huh?
Gee, this is Emma. Emma, this is Gee. He's got some investigations to do for you.
Nice to meet you.
Um, are you also a bodyguard?
No, he's not, but, you know, his skills are not inferior to one, that's for sure.
Well, then you should join us. Another person, a bodyguard. I mean, it would help the investigation.
Oh, that sounds perfect.
Well, I'm not enough for you.
Oh, it doesn't hurt to have another person here.
Oh, no, a second. Have I ever made you feel unsafe or insecure in this whole thing?
No, I just...
Just checking.
Or are you just giving me a hard time?
Who's the target?
It's my stepmother, Evelyn. She married my father six months ago, but I know nothing about her past.
I need you to look into the people that she met after my father died and truck her financial transactions.
Okay. All right, Gee. This is everything you need.
I don't care if you don't have enough. You have connections. You'll find those connections.
Have them send you money. Use Venmo's L. I don't care.
Where were you? I called you 50 times and you didn't answer.
We went out. Sorry, it didn't bring my phone.
Were you out drinking?
Yeah, a little.
Why didn't you tell me that you were going out, Bob?
Hey, remember who you are.
Get out.
You need to talk to him.
Be right outside. If you need anything, call me.
Now, you two are getting pretty close now, huh?
Going out for drinks with him in the middle of the night.
You ever think for a second about my feelings?
He's my bodyguard.
The one responsible for my safety you think he shouldn't spend all of his time with me?
Now on. You can't go out with him at night.
Careful. You're not even married yet.
Emma, you've never talked to me like this.
You've never treated me like this either.
I'm so sorry. I just... I care about you too much.
Miss Vanderbilt. Yes?
I've got something about Liam. He is the son of the Austin Group's owner.
Their company declared bankruptcy six months ago and his father committed suicide after that.
Miss Vanderbilt?
He is the son of the Austin Group's owner.
Their company declared bankruptcy six months ago and his father committed suicide after that.
What exactly do you want to know?
I don't know. I'm just curious, I guess.
I don't know anything about you or your life or your family.
You don't need to know any of that. I should just focus on protecting you.
I think I should completely trust you, but I don't know anything about you.
My duty is to protect you. Everything I do is to keep you safe.
What you've done for me goes beyond the scope of a bodyguard.
I don't need a bodyguard about whom I know you don't think. You can leave.
Just bringing me some medical supplies.
Is your... I say getting better?
I dreamt that you and Daniel betrayed Dad and me. You wouldn't do that, right?
I loved your father very much. I would never hurt you.
Well, it seems like you can't trust anybody in your life, but what about him?
Turns out Liam knew it all along. Is Dad's death related to them?
We trust you, but I don't know anything about you.
What he's done for me goes beyond the scope of a bodyguard.
I don't need a bodyguard about whom I know nothing. You can leave.
It's Vanderbilt. Thought you far, man. You don't hear?
Uh, Daniel. Daniel and Evelyn.
Yeah, I saw them. What do you mean? You saw them. You can see now?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I saw them. I saw them. I see that.
Yeah. Yeah.
You drink tonight?
Um...
I wanted to ask you. How did you and my dad meet?
Rodney, during the accident, I was attending nurse.
He was just such a wise and kind man, so I fell in love with him.
You were the first to find him, right?
I brought him some fruit that morning, and when I walked in, I saw him clutching his heart, and...
The must've been really hard for me.
I always found your love story very hard, Rodney.
And 30-year age difference in the, uh, conveniences of your marriage.
Why are you asking me about this?
I was blind. You inducted? So I still have so many questions.
Evelyn and the shareholders have been keeping track of the company for me, and you and Daniel just...
managing the affairs of the house. I really appreciate you.
My family, aren't we? So at least I can do for Rodney.
Yes, please.
You know what? The autopsy report should be ready. Oh. Yeah?
Conclusion. The cause of death is attributed to a sudden heart attack, likely resulting from severe coronary artery disease.
It was just a heart attack. The funerals of three days, and right after that, the lawyer will be in the office to read the will.
You're welcome to join.
That idiot. Did she actually fire Liam?
Yeah. Now that he's out of the picture, that'll be so much easier for us, right?
All of her Mandarin on her side.
If Liam gone, I don't think she'll be a threat to us.
We're just gonna sit tight and wait for Ethan to reveal his cards.
Sign this, and you'll officially become my personal assistant.
You're what?
Liam, I believe you won't hurt me.
I mean, you've already saved me multiple times.
And?
And what?
You're falling in love with me. Aren't you?
Will you sign it?
I'll sign it.
The lawyer comes over tomorrow. After the funeral, he's gonna read the will. You will accompany me.
Now that we're all here, let's step inside.
I'm sorry, Miss Vanderbilt. Only those involved in today's meeting can get in.
Subject. If you send something's off, click this pen once.
Anything else?
If you sense that you're in danger, click it twice.
What happens if I click it twice?
Go ahead. Try.
We'll have two parts. Today we'll cover the shares of the company,
and the second part concerning Mr. Vanderbilt's personal property will be read at his residence tomorrow.
Mr. Rodney Vanderbilt owns a total of 48% of the Vanderbilt group's shares.
Of that, 48%, 38% will be inherited by his daughter, Miss Emma Vanderbilt.
The remaining 10% will be inherited by Miss Emma's future husband.
However, Miss Emma's future husband can only officially take control of the shares one year after their marriage.
Until that time, Emma will hold the shares in trust,
and that's all the contents of Mr. Vanderbilt's wealth.
Thank you. Please, wait right outside.
This isn't exactly what we wanted to hear.
So, let's get to the chase. Emma, what's your plan?
Well, I don't think that's any of your business now, is it?
We certainly need to know what the next president is.
We need a lot of blind personal in this company, and this affects all of us.
Transfer all of your shares to me for double the market value. How's that?
That's more than enough to secure you for life, and it's my final offer.
You trust somebody illegitimate to run this company?
Emma, my patience is about to run out.
Well, that's too bad. You know the future president cannot be this ultimate.
Well, if you can't make a choice, allow me to help you.
Let's call the board meeting right now. We'll select a new president.
Alright, let's do it.
You understand the proposal for this board is to strip you of your presidency?
Very well. Joel, please come back in.
I would like for you to record the second of our board meetings today.
Ladies and gentlemen, the attendant for this meeting is a selection of a new president.
Emma here is the largest shareholder of the Vanderbilt group, however she has lost the right to be the president.
Of course, should she regain her sight, then this board, if we choose to, might revisit that choice.
It's good too.
My grandfather founded this company, but my father spent the last 30 years of his life dedicating himself to its prosperity.
I believe, as his daughter, I will continue that legacy, and of course I'll keep the shareholders happy.
I apologize for not informing you all in advance about me regaining my sight.
Did you really think that you were going to leave here today without signing these papers?
I think your current position suits you perfectly. I need you to call the police.
Emma, I am your uncle.
I believe what happened here today is Ethan's own doing. I mean, you all witnessed how he threatened me and kidnapped me.
Whenever the police arrived, just make sure you tell them the truth.
Mrs Vanderbilt, we had no idea that Ethan was shooting for the stars. Please, we completely have your back.
Exactly. Thank you. If you'll excuse me.
No.
Let's get started.
Mrs Emma, according to your father's will, you are set to inherit $15 million in cash, as well as four properties, vehicles, and stocks, all in your father's name. As for Mrs Vanderbilt.
You will receive a monthly allowance of $50,000.
What?
Wait, no, no. Something's off about that.
I know it is right. Mr Vanderbilt finalized the will just three days before his passing.
As Rodney's wife, I have the right to question the validity of this will.
Why are you questioning the validity?
I mean, how come Mr Vanderbilt only has those assets listed?
So are you just concerned about the stash?
I'm just worried for you. You suspected there was foul play in your father's death, so maybe the will was fake too.
Yes, we need to double check this will.
Mrs Emma, if there's nothing else, we'll just need your signature on the will here.
Okay. Could I have you do me a favor?
Of course.
I need you to draft a prenup for me.
Daniel and I are getting married next month.